so when people tell you stuff
about money not mattering let me tell
you right now it matters and it matters
a lot money is I promise more powerful
than you think not less but it isn't at
all what you've been told and once you
understand the difference between what
you're expecting it to be and what it
actually is then it can become a useful
driver in your life but when you're just
chasing money unaware of the fact that
money is inert it does nothing money is
a facilitator money allows you to make
your dream into a reality
but that's it if you don't know what
you're trying to build if you don't know
what you're willing to die for money has
nothing to offer you